howdy there Internet people let's bow
again I'm go ahead and warn you now this
videos gonna have a little bit of a
different tone than most of my other
videos to be honest I got a private
message and it tore me up young lady
said that she can't stand to look her
father in the eye anymore because some
of the comments that he's made and that
it was nice to hear a man say the things
she wish her father would say somewhere
out there there's a man who is
unknowingly alienated his daughter so he
can talk with the boys and be cool to
make pizza cutter comments about this
for Cavanaugh case pizza cutter all
edged no point it's no longer about this
case it's about trying to salvage the
relationships if they can't be one out
of five gentlemen one out of five women
that heard you talk have been sexually
assaulted and that's that's that's the
lowest ratio one out of five their
studies had actually put it much higher
than that
let's we're on three arguments real
quick we're going to talk about the
perception of what you said what your
daughter heard or your sister or maybe
your signed
why'd she wait so long to come forward
do you think that this is the first
generation of women that had men like
you in their life I think it's the first
generation of women that heard a bunch
of man excuse an attack or doubt the
victim you you're the reason she waited
and you're the reason that your daughter
or sister will wait because she won't be
believed or maybe it's even more simple
than that maybe it's just that she was
15 and at a party and didn't want to get
in trouble she'd had a beer so she kept
her mouth shut to avoid getting in
trouble and then by the time she
wouldn't get in trouble didn't really
matter anymore
maybe that's why she waited and then see
that lead right to the next argument
she's 15 and drinking at a party what
does that say about her says she's
exactly like every other teenage girl
out there that's pretty common I'm sure
your little angel did it too I know not
your daughter right what's the
perception of that she's drinking raper
if you're gonna ask that why was she
there doing that that's really what
you're saying if you're trying to use
that as an excuse it's also a reason
isn't it and get away with it that way
now nobody believed her
so if your daughter is out drinking nice
whoever she gets attacked she gonna tell
you no but she won't she won't come
forward maybe two years later y-you
already justified it you already
justified it what's your son here what
did your son here love she's drunk she's
kind of got it coming the perception of
what you're saying your arguments no and
and to be real clear on this it doesn't
matter
she's got a heroin needle hanging out of
her arm works nights at the strip club
and just robbed a liquor store you don't
get to rape her I mean this is pretty
simple concept
that that we don't believe all sexual
assault victims she's just not credible
not credible
okay so you're pretty much the reason
why every young enlisted female that
gets raped in the military by some
senior NCO doesn't come forward
congratulations
I think a lot of men probably need to
sit down and talk to the women in their
lives and try to explain some of their
comments and some of their
justifications for it I think that
probably a real good idea because I mean
you you've you've given them all the
reason in the world to never come
forward and you've given your sons a
giant list of ways to get away with
sexual assault in people because you
know they're not gonna be believed well
if you're more credible than her if
you've got a better reputation go to
town Oh she'd been drinking too even
better you need to have that talk and my
advice is rather we're gonna try to
justify what you've said just apologize
just apologize just say it I got caught
up in college politics I didn't care
I cared that much about putting some
police state goon on the Supreme Court
that I damaged our relationship
congratulations